All right we've got the body and the cockpit and the jet pack U-V mapped so far.
Let's work on the arms and the legs.
If I select an arm here you can see that it's mirrored over what I think we should do is go ahead and
delete this a mere modifier and let's just work on one side for now.
So with that selected I will go to the U-V editing lay out.
I will isolate it frame it up and I'll go into edit mode.
And what I'm going to do is hover over this piece and press the key and then I'll press shift.
H to hide everything else and then I can frame this up right here.
So I think I just need to select this one edge and create a seam for this and then select everything
here and press you and unwrap and that's not too bad.
Let me add checker pattern to it.
Yeah that's pretty good.
So I'll press alt h to bring everything back.
Let's select this one here with the key press shift h to hide it all the unselected and then I'll come
back in here and maybe I'll take this edge here and create a seam and then unwrap this.
All right let's try conformal.
Let's see what happens here.
Yeah that's a little better I think.
And I'll work on the legs here.
Now the legs I think as well have a mere modifier on them still.
Well go ahead and turn that off and just work on one side for now.
So I will go into the U-V editing screen lay out isolate it like this edge and Mark ISim and then I
can press the L key to selected you and unwrap.
Now this one looks a little odd so maybe I'll switch it to conformal Let's see how that works.
No it looks a little strange.
Let's add a checker pattern to it.
Yeah that looks very strange.
Let's check if we need to apply the scale.
So press in and it looks like we could.
Let's try it with a press control a and apply the scale and then I'm going to come back into here.
Select that one press you and unwrap.
That looks quite a bit better.
All right let's try the one down here.
I will create a seam on the inside of the leg and then select this with the L key.
You and unwrap and that looks pretty good.
And then the feet down here.
Let's select this edge.
Or maybe there's another edge in here I can select
there's one there so I'll go ahead and Marcus seem in there and maybe I'll split out the bottom of the
heel here.
I like this control easy and Mark seam and let's see how that works.
I don't know.
That might just work.
Select it with the L key.
You and unwrap not too bad kind of like the angle based.
That works pretty well.
I'll take it.
All right.
Let's work on this one here.
Let's try selecting this edge.
And also this edge around the bottom and I'll de-selected these
like that let's mark those edges as seams.
Select this with the L key and you and unwrap that too looks pretty good.
I'll try conformal or angle based not much of a difference there.
So we have the arms and the legs you ve mapped or go ahead and just add a mirror modifier back to each
of these that.
And there's this I think I may want to U-V map these because maybe they'll have some sort of dirt or
burn stains on them from being jet thrusters.
I don't know.
I'm not sure but I'll go ahead and do it.
So I'm going to go back to the U-V editing lay out.
I will bring everything back here and I'll say like this one jetpack isolate it go to Edit mode.
And I think I can put an edge down here in the back maybe one here and in here and de-select these along
the bottom.
So I will mark the seam select everything you and unwrap let's add the checker material and see.
I'll delete this one again.
Take this one duplicate it click and just put a negative in front of the value here and then we go.
So what I'd like to do is kind of a strange thing I'm going to combine this whole thing together once
or at least the parts that I've U-V mapped and I'm going to combine it all into one object.
And then what I'll do is use average Island scales and pack islands to arrange the movies and then I'm
going to break the pieces apart again into their individual components.
And that so that I can have all of the pieces of the mech on one U-V map.
So what I'll do first is go ahead and apply the mirror modifiers I'll just apply this and I'll apply
this here.
So I'll select everything that's been U-V mapped
the jet pack the thrusters and here we go.
So I've got them all selected I'm going to go back to the U-V editors so we can see this and what I'm
going to do is press control J.
And that combines everything into one object.
And now when I go into edit mode you can see all of the movies overlapping each other and that's ugly.
We don't want that.
So what I can do now with all of these selected over here I can press control a and that will average
Island scale that will scale all the islands to be in proportion with the 3D model.
And then I can press control P and pack them all in to this zero to one space.
So that looks pretty good.
All right so now that they're all there like that what I can do is I can break them apart now as I need
to when we begin rigging the Mac.
And that kind of thing.
But for now our Mac has been U-V Matt.